---
title: "Post on 2025-03-20 10:51:02"
date: "2025-03-20 10:51:02"
---

# I was wrong about Synergy

Last night after an hour or so of being defeated by Symless' Synergy, I asked support for a refund, to which they replied with some useful information: there is an [AUR package](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/synergy3-bin) that installs Synergy in `/opt`. While not straightforward, there is a comment in the package thread that explained some key information by which I finally got everything working:

> Run /opt/Synergy/synergy to open the GUI. Press ignore whenever an error pops up (it's related to OS version not getting detected properly, which doesn't matter as far as I can tell). Configure any way you like. Make sure the correct computer has the keyboard/mouse (you can change it under "Manage computers" menu by clicking the 3 dots right next to the computer you want to be the server and click "Keyboard and mouse computer").
>
> At this point Synergy should work as expected. If it doesn't work check the logs in GUI and .local/state/Synergy/synergy.log. Don't continue to the next steps until Synergy works properly.
>
> Quit GUI. Kill the synergy-service process.
>
> GUI is no longer needed unless you need to configure something from the GUI. So you can just remove ~/.config/synergy/ directory (note the lowercase "s"). Don't remove the ~/.config/Synergy/ directory (note the uppercase "S")
>
> Now all you need is to run /opt/Synergy/synergy-service which you can either do directly or via a user unit systemctl --user enable --now synergy.service.
